chore(dx): developer-experience cleanup — test DB isolation, HMR, GraphiQL CSRF, seeder pruning (#2267)
MESH-Research/Pilcrow: docs/developers/testing.md

lando artisan test
```

::: tip Isolating tests from the dev database
`lando artisan test` runs against the same `laravel` database that drives your local UI, so `RefreshDatabase` and `migrate:fresh` will wipe the data you've been working with in the app.

If you'd rather not have the suite clobber that data — useful when iterating tightly (including agent-driven workflows), or when you've spent time setting up specific local state — use the `backend-test` tooling command instead:

```sh
lando backend-test
```

> It's cwd-independent and points the suite at a dedicated `laravel_testing` database so your dev data stays intact. Note that running PHPUnit directly (e.g. via `lando ssh`) bypasses this override and will still hit the dev database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works independent of the current working directory and points the suite at a dedicated `laravel_testing` database so your dev data stays intact. Note that running PHPUnit directly (e.g. via `lando ssh`) bypasses this override and will still hit the dev database.
```

I encourage avoiding acronyms for accessibility, especially when the acronyms are less common or unclear.
